you know they have been
underestimated us all our lives
it was a fairytale the two of
them against the world
she understood him and knew him
and what he needed
he was very private individual
by all reports very shy so he
had a a very good manner of
dealing with people but there
was always a space and I think
Nancy fill that space for him
when they were with each other
they could be themselves
especially nancy when she was
not being watched when she was
nothing was expected of her she
could just be herself and that's
hot that's in the scriptum know
the film i hope that's where
you'll see a kind of intimacy
that you can only imagine
ronald reagan never would have
overcome his wound inflicted by
john hinckley of heat if Nancy
Reagan had not been there every
step of the way he depended on
Nancy Reagan after he was shot
almost every psychologically
emotionally and physically she
didn't run the country
she ran him and he needed that
there's a moment in the movie
where and this comes after the
assassination attempt where
Nancy goes to her husband and
tries to convince him that she'd
like to hire an astrologer to
warn them when they're going to
have bad days I had there's been
mockery made of her as a result
of that decision and the control
that she sort of seized in the
the object and determine
protection of her husband which
is all understandable i think
what is so affecting in that
scene both and how it's written
and performed is you immediately
can feel the underlying love
that is motivating all of this
when she sits on ronald reagan's
lap and she looks some deeply
the i begs us of them you can
see concern on the gravely
wounded Ronald way in space and
and in his eyes that concern
comes from a love for his wife
and I think it's a rather
beautiful scene i think they
were as close as two people
could be the strength of the
bond was undeniable you know
Nancy says all these things
about Ronnie you know when she
met him that's when her life
began that she didn't really
feel that her life had begun
before that her career was to
help him in every way he could
to make his make his dreams come
true